Add Cat9554 documet (#448)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/cat9554.rst

(`datasheet <https://www.onsemi.cn/PowerSolutions/document/CAT9554-D.PDF>`__) in ESPHome. It uses :ref:`I²C Bus <i2c>` for communication.

Once configured, you can use any of the 8 pins as
pins for your projects. Within ESPHome they emulate a real internal GPIO pin
and can therefore be used with many of ESPHome's components such as the GPIO
binary sensor or GPIO switch.

Any option accepting a :ref:`Pin Schema <config-pin_schema>` can theoretically be used, but some more
complicated components that do communication through this I/O expander will
not work.

.. code-block:: yaml

    # Example configuration entry
    cat9554:
      - id: 'cat9554_hub'
        address: 0x20
        irq_pin: GPIO4

    # Individual outputs
    switch:
      - platform: gpio
        name: "CAT9554 Pin #0"
        pin:
          cat9554: cat9554_hub
          # Use pin number 0
          number: 0
          # One of INPUT or OUTPUT
          mode: OUTPUT
          inverted: False

Configuration variables:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- **id** (**Required**, :ref:`config-id`): The id to use for this CAT9554 component.
- **address** (*Optional*, int): The I²C address of the driver.
  Defaults to ``0x20``.

> - **irq_pin** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-pin`): CAT9554 support IRQ mode. If any input pin is changed, IRQ pin will generate falling signal.
>   If irq_pin is not configed, ESPhome will polling input pin status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **irq_pin** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-pin`): CAT9554 support IRQ mode. ESPHome will use IRQ signal to know if polling the I²C is needed. If ``irq_pin`` is not configed, ESPhome will poll every cycle.
```
